add documentation for configuring SASL with the helm chart (#706)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/reference/redpanda-operator/kubernetes-sasl.mdx

    <meta name="description" content="Configuring Redpanda SASL on Kubernetes."/>
</head>

> :::important

Reviewer: @Deflaimun This is tagged as an Important note, but renders as "Note". I think any note that uses the markdown "important" should have the term "Important" in the note box. Same with "note", "warning" or "caution"--whatever the tag is, shouldn't that also be the text rendered? That is what I would expect.

Reviewer 2: @Feediver1 This renders as an INFO (blue) admonition. A NOTE admonition would render with no color (transparent). See [here](https://vectorizedio.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DOC/pages/92635182/Redpanda+Documentation+Style+Guide#Notes-and-warnings). I'm not sure why marking it as important renders it the same as marking it info. But if we still wanted the blue color with the word IMPORTANT instead of INFO, we could mark as:

:::info Important
See [Configuring Redpanda SASL on Kubernetes](../../../security/sasl-kubernetes) for the most up-to-date instructions using the Redpanda Helm chart. This page is preserved for backward compatibility.
:::

Is that what you'd like?

Reviewer: @micheleRP Yes--I think a note that is a heads-up is different from an important note (kind of like saying Hey! Be sure to read this!). One should say Note in bold, the other should say Important in bold--as for the note box colors, I don't have a strong opinion one way or another.

Reviewer 2: Joyce and I talked and agreed to leave these notes as blue INFO admonitions. We'll discuss with doc team about customizing the words on these.

> See [Configuring Redpanda SASL on Kubernetes](../../../security/sasl-kubernetes) for the most up-to-date instructions using the Redpanda Helm chart. This page is preserved for backward compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page is preserved for backward compatibility only. For the most up-to-date instructions using the Redpanda Helm chart, see [Configuring Redpanda SASL on Kubernetes](../../../security/sasl-kubernetes). 
```

Reviewer 2: resolved with updated notes above!

:::

> This section provides details on how to enable SASL authentication on Kubernetes using the Redpanda Operator. Alone, SASL authenticates the server and the client. To encrypt communication between the server and the client, combine SASL authentication with TLS encryption. Redpanda supports the SASL/SCRAM authentication method for the Kafka API.

Author: ```suggestion
The Simple Authentication and Security Layer (SASL) [RFC4422] is a method for adding authentication support to connection-based protocols. Alone, SASL only provides authentication between the server and the client. To encrypt communication between the server and the client, combine SASL authentication with TLS encryption.
```
